All you would think about is your kid. That's awesome.
All you would think about. Well, I just got evacuated, right?
I got evacuated from my house cuz the fires, um,
fires you're are everywhere of it. They're everywhere.
They're especially when you're brother they're everywhere. They're they're in.
Um, they evacuated like thousand Oaks and they evacuated places in west lake
Malibu, girls out.
Apparently this fire that we have here is nothing in comparison to the fire.
That's in upstate what's further up Northern the Northern California.
Fire is supposed to be even more severe.
They were saying the Northern California fire was moving at what was the number?
It something insane. Like 80 football fields a minute.
Wasn't that labeled at the biggest fire in California ever.
The biggest fire going on right now, Northern California.
It's in Northern California. You know, what's crazy as.
As how damaged, uh, cars are getting, they're like melting,
the cars are melting. The videos are insane. People, this bus,
this bus that looked like it was bomb. Like how is, how were fire? Do we.
Know how it doing that? I don't know. It's always the worst when it's like some
Started it. I don't know. I don't know if they know yet prick.
I don't know if they know you direct energy weapons. Gosh, it happened.
They're saying right outside of, uh, rocket dying.
That's where it happened, which is uh, it's like a rocket. Have you seen.
Those pictures of, of, of the cars with their,
their rims or melting mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah. How hot do forest.
Fires get? They get hot as buck. How are a lot of.
How, how is steel melting?
A lot of aluminum. It's a lot of aluminum wheels.
The frame doesn't melt steel.
Is so good. A lot of people have aluminum wheels, right? A percent. Yeah. Alloy,
regular.
Fire melt, aluminum. Just the regular fire will melt. You.
Think it's so else your tires are gonna somebody up.
You know me, dude. You asking me, you asking me? Do I think something else?
Think about who you're talking to right now. Now think.
About who this is.
You got a couple factors here that I would just take into account,
not being a fire expert, but one of them want, think would be tires.
Tires are super flamable. Once your tires catch fire,
they're all made outta rubber and all kinds of other plastics and that that's a.
Are.
Flamable they, they hold the fire.
They're not just flamable they go black smoke. It's a crazy smoke, right?
That's why the.
Cartel use them. When they kill people, they put 'em in. Cause they keeps.
They don't put like don't they do 'em with like lighter fluid in the kinda I.
The other thing I was gonna say is gasoline cars are fueled by gasoline.
You got gasoline there. You got, you got insane heat. The,
the whole car gets engulfed. The gas tank erupts.
You got temperatures that are like,
it's like basically having an Inferno right there.
It's not like it's not a fire. Like oh,
a phone book called on fire and it melted a wheel. No, it's like a,
a giant combustion engine in that works on gasoline.
And has these rubber super flamable tires and is covered by a plastic
paint. That's probably flamable flamable and this all gets hit.
Insides, leather with fire.
That's coming from 50 mile an hour wind they're fire machines.
Out there. And then what about like the, the registration?
What.
<Laugh> I mean, I'm just trying to be funny on.
You. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I thought you were serious. Look at these cars.
These cars got Mercked.
This is like what happened when the met on the
Avengers?
How did the windows get broken?
<Laugh> they destroyed Eddie. The, the heat makes 'em shatter.
They fall apart. If you ever get a glass too hot,
you ever have a glass get too hot, like. No, if you pour tea in a regular glass,
they crack ready for that.
That's not even that hot because thet makes them expand the, the,
the heat from the tee. You're not buying.
It, honey. I don't know, man. Well.
These fires are weird. This is what I would suggest. Don't look into it. Yeah.
Don't.
Just don't don't I don't trust. You know me? Are you.
Are you affected by the.
Fires? CNN? If CNN, if the headline says anything, I don't believe it. Any,
any CNN?
Anything's true. Eddie. That's true Eddie,
but here's a beautiful thing about this fire. You can see it.
You don't have to wonder. No.
I'm not saying there's no fire. I'm just saying like.
But this is what we're talking about. We're talking about this fire. Okay. No,
there's a.
Fire for sure's a giant fire. I see the smoke. So I'm saying, I don't know.
There's some crazy people out there saying that, um,
they're being started by some direct energy weapons. I don't know.
That's what the crazy people are saying. Well, fires happen all the time though.
It's it's kind of a natural.
Occurrence. What, what, what's more likely that fires are happening.
Like they always happen from electric boxes going out or wires going
down fires, being. Cigarettes, cigarettes, cigarette.
That's how firefi before there was Illuminati before there was anything,
there was forest fires. They'd been around forever.
This is not like a new occurrence.
It's not like they're using this secret energy weapon to do some that's never
been done before. How dumb would their super energy weapon?
If they used it to start fire, there's just a lot.
Of weird out there. Like houses. Like you can see house, house,
house completely leveled. Okay. I'll tell and all the trees around them,
nothing wrong with the trees at all. Weird. Just weird like that. Well.
It's probably, I don't know what that means.
Easier for the fire to make houses go up in flames because that's all
dry old. So dry, dry wood, wood. You got dry, old on the,
the, your tiles. A lot of times these people have these, um,
these roofing tiles and the, the embers get in between.
There it goes right into the tar. It burns it. It goes right through your,
my next door neighbor. His roof was on fire. God, we don't need no water.
We done. Yeah, no, they, um, they, they got to it in time.
The firefighters caught it. My friend bud caught it, told the firefighters,
shout out to bud Budsman Budsman yeah. His house. No, no, no,
it wasn't his house, but it was my neighbor's house. So when,
when this was all going down, this is happening all throughout. Not just here,
but all throughout Topanga now and Malibu and these embers fall from the
sky. And then they,
they light everything up in flames because everywhere you look,
everything is dry as. It's dry as. Right?
We haven't had any rain in a long time. If you go running in the trails,
it's just dust. You're kicking up dust there's you start coughing.
And then you got the wind, all spreads, all of it. Everything's brown,
dry out science, Eddie. And when these embers fall from the sky and hid this,
it just starts. We're just lucky. It doesn't happen more often. In fact though,
it happened this time, last year around here, because we had,
we had Ash out in the, the gym area.
We had to sweep the Ash because it had actually come in through cracks,
like little tiny cracks, dude. I've bashed all the way in my house. All from,
from fifth fire all the way where I'm at. I'm sure. I'm sure it's no joke, dude.
Fire it's from serious. So I don't think it's an energy wave,
but I do think it's super dangerous to live in a climate where there's this much
vegetation, not enough moisture.
Like how come we can't figure out how to get that water out of the ocean and
start spraying it all over the.
So much water in the ocean. There's so much water. I, you can use it at all.
You know what? They're salt in it. We can't with it. We can't with that salt.
Feel.
Like they can take the salt down. We still.
Can't with the.
Salt. No, no, no. They have decent alien plants. They're just super.
It's too expensive. Yeah.
It's too expensive. We can't afford that. They save the, this almond,
the almond factor had more money. We'd be able to do that,
but it's too expensive to the.
Alman plants. Want the ocean water? No, they.
Use all our water. If we got rid of almond, the California would be straight.
Whoa.
Yeah. The almonds bro. Vegans consumed more almonds and then were,
they're the reason why they're the reason why the imagine how ironic that would
be. Is there almonds that were doing us in the whole time?
Not cattle raising is almond.
Is there a country rich enough to filter the salt outta water
and use the water for their country? Or is it, I bet it's just too expensive.
Right? I bet Dubai could do that. No.
Much money. We do a demo.
They like gold hotels know hard it's they would, they would roll out a carpet,
made a gold. That dude would slide on a gold surfboard in that very.
Doesn't like a survivor filters. Like for the Navy,
there's like a survivor filter that you could drink the, the sea water.
And you could like suck. And it's like this filter the survival thing. Um, I.
Don't know. Isn't that for seawater? You, I know they haveing PI no,
they have those things for ponds. They have these things.
They're called scary pens. They just can't figure.
Out that.
Seawater just can't that out. What's the high salt content.
You can't too expensive. You can't have that much salt content, your water.
What if we have a.
What if we have a up, what if we have a water tax? You know what I mean?
We're running outta water.
We gotta figure out how to take the salt out of the seawater. I don't.
Think this is a, we have plenty of fresh water though.
I don't think this is a conspiracy. No you.
But you just said, how come we can't just take the ocean water?
And I'm just being funny. I'll tell you why they can't. It's super expensive.
It's just trans. That's what I'm saying. It's too expensive. Well,
we don't have that kinda money.
So much money to change the water and to do it all the time for all the people
just pull that water out. And then who owns it?
Maybe if we bring some Coke from central America and,
and we generate income that way.
Imagine if we started sucking all the stuff out the ocean,
the ocean started pushing back and then people started building houses in front
of the people's houses in Malibu.
And at first they would protest sick at first they would go, you.
We have the beach. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it's not the beach anymore.
So basically just got an acre acre goes right in front of them,
a mile to just keep sucking water out.
Imagine there's like a mile to the beach now. And you know,
all these Mabu people, they show up at the county board meetings.
They stop pulling the water outta the ocean. He turn around behind him.
It's a tropical jungle. We got monkeys in LA and par and she,
I'm not mad it, man. We turn it into the tropics.
We make it moist and delicious. That would,
that's probably why is a beast? I'm gonna do a fight. Uh, real quick.
Daish is a monster.